Well, places like the Rhondda, the Cunning Valley and so on, the effect has been enormous, unquestionably.
Unemployment, once it disappeared, but crumbs did now have an effect on employment.
And of course, with unemployment come the social problems that were inevitable, I suppose.
One friend of mine, for instance, said to me at one time that they should have left one pit open.
Never mind about a rising coal, he said they should have left one pit open.
And then if the youngsters had to get up in the morning to go down the pit, we wouldn't have the nonsense we'd have in the nights on the roads.
I don't know whether that's true or not, I don't know. But certainly that's a view.
It certainly had an effect on social orders, what we say.
And it's still having an effect. And questionably, there are families, I'm told, that are going back two or three generations that haven't had work.
Now that's bound to have an effect.